Make one single PR out of @horatiu-io's PRs for easy merge. (#210)
Genez-io/genezio-documentation: docs/cli-tool/analytics.md

---
sidebar_position: 2

> description: Genezio Analytics is a built-in CLI tool feature that gathers telemetry and analytics data. Learn to track and analyze your project’s performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Genezio Analytics is a built-in feature in the genezio CLI tool that gathers telemetry and analytics data. Learn how to enable or disable it to provide crash reports.
```

Reviewer: -This documentation page covers how to disable the telemetry genezio gets from users. It's not related to the end user project performance.
